dum de dum de dum check-in my email dum
de dum de dum gonna look at some wait
what's this no no no no no no no no no
it can't be true
No
that's your weight you don't give a fuck
you always be war to stare
this was gonna be a touching song and
beyond sentiment but no top up drop it
and fucking you to read the audio from
my original double no because to be
coming right now
now I've got to be cool you go fuck
around all the sweet said to me that you
be sorry be other everything to be just
as a man instead of a woman now I can
fly higher than some 47 yeah he goes
pussies can fly high but you are you are
the wind it is mouth
you know I'm a busy bee I miss you this
was gonna be more tech middle I'm sorry
but you do